**Question 1**
A computer program is said to learn from experience E with

          respect to some task T and some performance measure P if its

          performance on T, as measured by P, improves with experience E.

          Suppose we feed a learning algorithm a lot of historical weather

          data, and have it learn to predict weather. What would be a

          reasonable choice for P?

**Answer :- **  The **probability of it correctly predicting a future date's weather.**          

========================================================================================================

**Question 2**
Suppose you are working on weather prediction, and your weather

          station makes one of three predictions for each day's weather:

          Sunny, Cloudy or Rainy.  You'd like to use a learning algorithm

          to predict tomorrow's weather.

          Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?

**Answer :- **  **Classification**

========================================================================================================

**Question 3**
Suppose you are working on stock market prediction, and you

          would like to predict the price of a particular stock tomorrow

          (measured in dollars).  You want to use a learning algorithm for this.

          Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?

**Answer :- **    **Regression**

========================================================================================================

**Question 4**
Some of the problems below are best addressed using a supervised

          learning algorithm, and the others with an unsupervised

          learning algorithm.  Which of the following would you apply

          supervised learning to?  (Select all that apply.) In each case, assume some appropriate

          dataset is available for your algorithm to learn from.

**Answer :- **    **Examine a large collection of emails that are known to be spam email, to discover if there are sub-types of spam mail.**

========================================================================================================

**Question 5**
Which of these is a reasonable definition of machine learning?

**Answer :- **    **Machine learning is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.**

**You got a score of 5.00 out of 5.00.**

**🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉Congratulations 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉**